This is a head-gum original.
Rollin' Atkinson.
Oh, that's good.
This episode comes out on January 6th.
What is 2023 had to hold for y'all so far, would you say?
Hold on one second.
My dog wants to go outside.
Casey can answer.
What has 2023 held for me so far?
What has it had to hold for you?
What's today's date?
January 6th?
Yes.
January 6th.
I'll never forget.
This is coming out as another insurrection happens.
We've got Casey Donahue on Mike on Zoom for the first time ever, I think.
That's true.
Really?
Yeah.
You've been on the show on Zoom before?
Yes.
In the same exact chair.
I'm pretty proud.
Joining us late.
We said to 15.
We said, well, we said 5-10.
Eastern.
She joined at 5-14 and wanted to be on the right thing.
Okay, well, I didn't know that.
So I wouldn't have put you on blast, but ultimately it is kind of funny to have you shocked.
I grew.
Did you actually shock because a mirror wasn't in the room?
No, and you're lucky.
I already started recording.
Casey, and I were just talking about how this is the first episode of 2023, right?
So we're coming in with that bang of energy, that sort of like post-New Year's Eve hangover.
Yeah.
Wow.
But it's not to pull back the curtain too much, but it's mid December when we're recording this.
So we don't have that energy in us.
Right.
I'm actually pretty fucking exhausted actually.
Yeah, you've been framing in a bunch of stuff before you leave or something.
Yeah, because I'm trying to take three weeks off this year instead of two.
So it's been sort of, I mean, Casey gets the producer grind.
Everybody thinks that all I do every week is just show up for the records that you see.
But I actually do all the editing on most of them.
This all being said.
That's where the magic app.
That's where the magic app is.
The track, the tragic happens on Mike and then the magic happens on the editing bay.
But anyway, I'm going to really need your guys to help because Uncle Jeffrey's energy is at an all-time low.
Marika style.
Nice.
That was in all-time low reference.
But also, I guess it works with the fact that you're kind of deadpin.
I assumed it was just an all-time low reference.
This episode is going to be a little shorter just because I feel like we all have a heart out.
No.
I think it's just you, you're overworked over stress.
And it's almost like all the work you've done to make sure you have three weeks off is for not firing.
Yeah.
And I just had a heart in.
I actually do have a heart out to see avatar the way of water.
Yeah.
I want to talk about.
Mm-hmm.
Have you seen the first one recently?
Not recently, but I was just in Pandora a mere two days ago.
So that was kind of a refresher.
Never been there. How is it, is it cool?
Uh, it's the late.
The area is really like beautifully done.
I think.
Mm-hmm.
It's like a soft ass.
No.
I was at Disney World and Moking Dumb, which has the new avatar land.
Yeah.
The flight of passage I would say was okay kind of just,
I liked some of the mechanics of the ride,
but I thought the, I don't like wearing glasses on top of my glasses,
but you had to do.
Yeah.
The 3D.
Which was a little annoying, but it was fun.
Was it the one with the Navi animatronic that looks real?
No.
That's the hall of president.
The worst ride that I'm not.
Easily.
And this is one thing.
Really?
The animatronic.
Yes.
The animatronic best part.
Super cool.
I don't know what her deal is.
I don't know what character that is because there's no story to the ride.
You get in a little boat and you go sailing down a little river.
She's like one of two animatronics.
The other one I think is Drake Sully at the beginning,
who like says one word,
obviously in the Navi language.
So I said what he's saying.
And then the rest of the like,
like moving things are screens that show like little animals
or like Navi people in the distance kind of running.
And that was upsetting.
And then the thing that made me really actually mad about this ride
was that the the entire ride,
where you're like riding through Pandora.
There was like concrete path along the water.
Like that this probably used for like anyone working there.
Jeff is leaving his pissed off.
I'm gonna keep talking.
But there's like a concrete path in the middle of like,
Pandora, which is supposed to be beautiful.
Like all these glowing plants.
It's just like fucking white concrete.
Like paint it at the very least.
And he said not interesting.
I think it is kind of interesting.
I'm very interested in this actually.
Casey does love podcasts the ride, right?
Yeah.
Shout out to podcasts the ride.
I love themed attractions.
Me too.
So obviously some people do care about this.
There's a whole podcast about it.
And yeah, that was my experience.
I had a really good slushie.
I was fun.
Sick.
Yeah.
This was in Florida.
Damn Daniel.
That's funny.
That really though, right?
Or what do you want to talk about Jeff?
He's gone.
Glad you asked.
I was gonna ask if we should just do it.
My bond of the week is Guy Fieri.
Did he say that?
That's good.
Did I?
Sounds familiar.
Did I say that last week?
Because I thought it'd be funny if it was like
Diners, drivers, or sorry.
It would be
Cryers.
Because bond died in the last one.
Um,
Gadgets and dimes.
So it's like
People mourning the loss of people in the bond.
And then it's like Gadgets.
Because he always has like a new watch that has become a capability or a car that can go into water and do a submarine.
And then dimes.
Because he's sort of having a lot of head.
Having a lot of what?
Head.
I'm assuming that the bond girls that he has sex with go down on him.
Mm-hmm.
But we're.
Do you think we're dimes?
Uh, sorry.
It's.
It's crying.
Gadgets and dimes.
But dimes has nothing to do with oral sex, right?
It's just like dimes.
Like bond girls like tens.
Yeah, but they're like, I call.
I said dimes because I assume he's getting a lot of head.
Yeah.
You said that.
Right.
It's also dimes.
Is the only one that is like remotely close to dives?
Yeah.
Dinos and cries.
It's cryers.
Gadgets and dimes.
And he's like, yeah, we got it.
Yeah.
Driven's is gadgets.
And then he's like, bam.
Like when it's like, that's ever old agassie.
Yeah.
That's actually not a bad bond.
Emerald.
What about a New Orleans bond?
So instead of New Orleans jazz, it's a New Orleans game.
Yeah, get Daniel Craig to be his New Orleans character.
Yeah.
As well.
New Orleans james.
Uh, what do you guys as bonds of the week?
Um, Jarvis Landry.
The NFL quarterback.
Yeah.
He's a white receiver.
Why?
Because his nickname is juice.
Okay.
So imagine juice bonds.
And you didn't want to get it out of jail.
No, that would be kind of fucked up.
He just asked if it was bonds with an S.
Yeah.
Like James Bond or James Bond's.
Like obviously the first.
I should be very bonds and be pretty good.
Very bonds and be good.
But I feel like the energy is sour.
Let's keep things going with a major killer.
Making it sour.
Take your killer.
When you don't have the energy.
I should be making it sour.
My bond a little week is going to be Salt Bay actually.
That's really good.
Salt Bond.
Imagine James Bond.
Adding salt.
He saw it.
Maldon to a fucking Tomahawk.
The double of seven logo.
Font.
But it's NACL.
Yeah.
Do do do do do do.
I mean, have you seen?
Have you seen any of his restaurants?
Yeah.
He's like way too intense at them, right?
Well, that but also as a self-proclaimed Font nerd.
I do have to say that his restaurant logo is the font bleeding cowboy,
which was cool in the early 2000s.
And it looks bad.
So that's my hot team.
But imagine the Bond logo and bleeding cowboy.
Yeah.
So we've got Guy Fury.
We've got Salt Bay.
We've got Barry Bond slash Jarvis Landry.
Casey, who's your Bond wig?
I'm going to go with Mike White, the creator of the White Lotus,
and also survivor contestant.
Yeah.
That's really good.
He's in the zeitgeist.
Yeah.
He's in the micgeist.
Sure.
I don't think he deserves to be Bond.
You don't think he deserves to be Bond?
No.
Why not?
But Barry Bond's does.
Yeah.
Because Barry Bond's can hit Dingers.
Okay.
Good point.
Lefty, choke up.
Oppo, taco.
Did he ever watch the baseball game?
Not a full game, but I've seen clips.
Okay.
And have you?
Yeah.
Not clips clips, but I've heard about it.
All this shit that goes down.
Well, it should be with White Mike.
White, Mike, White.
I haven't watched season two for The White Lotus, but I've got it.
That's crazy.
Remember the other weird?
That's not liking season one of The White Lotus.
I thought it was a bad television.
And I'm happy to say it.
Wow.
She.
I'm sorry to Megan Fayette.
I'm sorry to our response and all the other people out there.
You're a new friend.
Adam de Marco shout out.
Yeah.
He seems nice.
I'm probably not going to watch it.
Maybe.
I will say.
I don't know.
Does it change anything that a lot of people you know love it?
No.
Here's what I will say.
I also didn't like season one.
And season two is some of the best TV I've seen this year.
Wow.
Well, here's what I'll say.
We were just talking to Emma.
And she said she don't like season one.
But love season two.
Or sorry, the reverse.
Like season two.
Or the season two.
So.
Everyone's different.
Daniel.
That's what it again with the White.
Major Keeler don't trust anything fully says because a lot of what Emma has to say
is on par with fully artists work on the day.
Right.
So it's like, it's not real.
It's not real.
What she says is not real.
And that goes for everything she says.
Not just the things I disagree with.
You also watch a lot of trash.
Major Keeler Emma's not the only one who says things that aren't real.
Go on.
What trash do I watch?
Like I'd be like whatever we talk about.
Major Keeler.
One of the other people in my life though I say things that are real.
Is a mirror.
Because it mirrors constantly ribbing me in public.
And that's like nonsense.
Because I'm actually a pretty nice guy.
Major Keeler.
Be conscious of when you're interrupting.
That makes what you're saying or what you're trying to say, which is that you're actually a nice person.
Seem on true.
I don't know what TV you watch, but but we stay up to date on on the movies.
What TV do you like?
What question?
Um, I love succession.
I think that is a very good show.
Yeah.
Um, I have a lot of, I don't know.
I definitely, I love Bob Spurgers.
That's like the show that I've maybe kept up with through the longest steady period of time.
Did you like the movie?
I did like the movie.
That was really cute and fun.
Um, I don't know.
I, you know, I watched some of the classics.
But I also.
This is the boss.
Huh.
The reason company is lying is it anyway.
All in the family.
No.
Toys are as commercials.
Oh my god.
I think every television show else.
I know it's not a good quality show, but it's Merlin on BBC.
Right.
So I've never heard of it.
Yeah.
The embetweeners.
Ever watched them betweeners.
Never heard of it.
I've never heard of it.
Of course.
Psych.
Psych is great.
Psych is also like faulty towers.
Faulty towers is great.
Faulty towers is good.
I don't want to say.
It's like succession is a very decent comp for white lotus.
It's rich white people acting.
Yeah, but it's actually good social commentary.
It's a post-white lotus.
Hit the bow.
Sound effect.
Of course.
Hit the bow.
I like to be.
The bow.
Right.
You haven't seen the second season.
You don't know.
If it's my first one.
Hit it with the whoa.
Yeah.
But this one takes place in Italy.
So.
It's beautiful.
It'll ease in it.
I mean, I guess it's nice that it's not dealing with.
Right.
Having to reconcile with this the land of like people of color, like native people as opposed to just Italy.
There you go.
It's just a challenge.
Anybody can make fun of Italians.
We do it here all the time.
That's basically the log line of this podcast.
All right.
30 seconds on the board.
We all have to say go off on Italians.
No.
There we go.
Starting with the mirror.
Gosh.
Yeah.
I mean, I guess the food.
Well, great is a little repetitive.
It seems like it's just a series of shapes.
Warsaw and any real diversity in the food.
We can all agree on that.
Right.
Like pasta's a specific ingredient.
Just sometimes it's in a tube.
Sometimes it's a corkscrew.
Sometimes it's long through the right.
It's delicious.
Obviously.
He doesn't like bread and sauce and cheese.
But it can be like.
I mean, I don't feel like I'm being too offensive when I say.
There could be some variety within.
Yeah.
And I mean, like, that's it.
30 seconds.
Game over.
You're canceled.
You're done.
America, Casey and I are not going to do it.
Let's take a break.
Yeah.
I am Italian.
So you also have ended someone in the room on the gym.
Um.
We'll be right back.
That's so unconfident.
Fuck.
I love your heat.
This show is sponsored by better help.
Guys shout out better help.
Shout out therapy.
Shout out all the y'all who are already in therapy or even
considering therapy for taking that first step.
Because again, I am such a huge proponent of therapy.
It's fun, honestly, to get to know yourself more.
And, and it also just makes life easier.
Truly to to know yourself to know how you react to things.
Positively and negatively to know what makes you happy.
So you can pursue that to know how to deal with more difficult emotions.
So that they're not as bad as they could be.
That's why I'm in therapy every week.
Could not recommend it more.
And that's where better help comes in to y'all's life, right?
Because when you're at your best, you can do great things.
But sometimes life gets you bogged down and you may feel overwhelmed.
Or like you're not showing up in the way you want to.
I know I felt that way.
Working with a therapist can help you get closer to the best version of you.
This is what I've been saying.
I don't know a better help of y'all.
If your copywriter's been listening to my ads,
but shout out, this is 100% true.
Because when you feel empowered,
you're more prepared to take on everything that life throws at you.
And things don't feel so perilous.
There's actually, you know, there's a lightness to life.
So if you're thinking of giving therapy a try,
better help is a great option.
It's convenient, flexible, affordable, and entirely online.
Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist.
If you don't like them, you can switch therapists at any time for no additional charge.
So if you want to live a more empowered life,
therapy can get you there.
So visit betterhelp.com slash what's that?
Again, that's better help.
BETT-E-R-H-E-L-P dot com slash what's that?
Thanks, better help.
Thank you.
I'd like to get to the bottom of this then.
We're back on the commercial break.
Maria Catast is Niochi Italian.
So that's where we're at today.
We should also say.
It's quite low to season two.
You would know that.
There's three episodes about whether Niochi is Italian or not.
And they get into it.
Yeah, that's good.
Television.
The first one is.
It's figuring out that it's not Italian.
And the second one is them realizing they were wrong.
And that it actually is Italian.
And the third one is them second guessing.
Both decisions.
And that was the season finale.
That was easy.
Scotland's Colin Schink is the comforting dish you need this winter.
Colin Schink.
Is that what you said?
Uh.
Have you guys ever indulged in a nice creamy bowl of clam chowder?
Of course.
What about a French disc filled with all sorts of shellfish and spices?
I'm out.
No.
Yeah.
And then Casey specifically.
Have you ever had a flim-ish seafood?
Uh.
No.
Sorry.
Can you say that last word?
Well, if you.
Oh, water.
Water.
Cool.
It's W-A-T-E-R-Z-O-O-I.
A water.
Oh.
Well, if you guys have had the opportunity to indulge in any of these,
you'll have a pretty good idea of what Colin Schink is like.
You went from a creamy soup to a water suede.
It's like a shellfish stew.
What about the most important ingredients of Colin Schink, our potatoes, fish, and cream?
Can we all agree on that?
I'm out.
Sure.
Well, some recipes also call for onions or greens, but yeah, those are the main three
and three ingredients.
Very nice flavoring.
What?
What's that?
They're not flavoring with an onion or a green and the traditional recipe.
In the tradition kit.
It just revolves around fish, potatoes, and cream.
Yeah.
And then you can add or subtract it there.
You got it.
This is Scottish.
Scottish.
Yeah.
And the name of it is Colin Schink.
Uh-huh.
Have you had it?
I just learned about it today.
I just thought it would be interesting to see if you guys had any experience.
I've been to Scotland.
I didn't even hear about Colin Schink.
I feel nauseous every time you describe what it is.
I don't want.
What Colin Schink?
Yeah.
It's like clams and cream.
It sounds awesome.
No, it's a cream base.
Yeah.
Hot powder.
Hot fish.
And ultimately cold potatoes.
It looks like a jitter.
Yeah.
So hot.
Hot cream.
Cold potato.
Hot fish.
And a fucking shell.
But potatoes are cooked in the cream.
Uh-huh.
Over time.
Stop it.
It's skink.
Oh, but it is.
Talk about other shit.
You'll stick to us.
I'm here.
Went off on Italians.
Now he's taken it to the Scottish.
I don't know.
Not like my none of my ancestors are safe.
No.
There goes that ad revenue.
We don't get that much ad revenue from the YouTube.
I mean, it's not insignificant.
Oh.
Because you had a bad.
This just in Pernat, Gio.
Sunflowers make bees poop a lot.
And here's why that's good.
The flowers, pollen, works like a medicine for bumblebees.
Afflicted with a nasty parasite.
Respond fast.
Don't just think about it.
It's um, so is bees.
Poo, honey.
Is that what they do?
Um.
Maria, can we get a number of scrunch on that?
I'm pretty sure they throw up honey.
Yeah.
It's like they throw up honey.
So what do they put?
I would love to know.
I also am really stuck on sunflowers.
Act as a medicine for parasites.
So they're eating the sunflower pollen.
It's going through the little systems.
Yeah.
It's fully defecate like normal.
Hmm.
So it's.
So it's not pooping a lot.
It's just like, you know, clear and cleaning their system, I guess.
No.
Sunflowers specifically make them poop a lot.
And that's good.
They like it.
Here's why.
Healthy honey bee poop is yellow in color and is somewhat sticky.
Like honey.
No.
Um.
This is disgusting.
I don't want to talk about that.
Here you go.
You brought it up.
Can we get a number of scrunch on it?
It's all over.
Here we go.
What'd you just say?
Nothing.
Can we get a number of scrunch on if I'm your hates Italians?
Probably.
I don't hate Italians.
What could the number be?
Number was that like on a scale or something?
Um.
Here's how much sleep you actually need according to experts.
As an adult, you need seven hours.
No less.
This isn't this.
Like we've known this for.
Yeah, indisgeneration.
Right.
But I guess I wanted to bring it up and be like, what are your guys' sleeping habits?
Oh, okay.
Um.
Usually get like six hours.
Six.
That's not seven.
It's not enough.
None of the hours in the day.
That's really good.
Do you have an alarm?
Yeah.
I have several.
I see.
I like 15 minutes.
I like to see.
I got you beat.
Sounds alarm.
What do you do?
Five.
Yeah.
My alarm app is just fully in five minute increments.
Oh, okay.
Wow.
That is a lot.
How far?
Okay.
So how do you do you get?
I'll show you my alarm.
So that's every five minutes for the entire day.
It seems like.
Yeah.
If I needed to be out of bed by eight a.m.
I'd probably do the lot like 15 minutes.
So like, 25.
But if I, I usually wake up at eight.
So I usually do like eight to eight 15 is with my alarm's go off.
And it's not.
It's less of a.
I do it because I am anxious that I will over sleep.
But I never.
Exactly.
I feel that.
You've never overslept ever.
No.
I mean, I have.
But it's not like a common enough.
A occurrence where like that is like to stop me from over sleeping.
It's just like I'm worried that like a one day maybe it will happen again.
It will happen again.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I've overslept.
I've been late for stuff because of that.
And that's what made me like up the number of alarms that I said.
Yeah.
To make sure I get out of there.
You know.
Yeah.
The last time I overslept was when I was at Le Mans and I said,
like three alarms to go off every five minutes.
And my friend who like we were sharing a tent.
We both were like we're going to take a nap and wake up in a few hours.
Never woke like I kept like turning off the alarms.
Right.
And he was like, you didn't.
You just like let them play.
Yeah.
You could have like shaken me awake.
What do you mean?
Yeah.
You brought this topic up.
You wanted to hear us talk about.
Right.
A sleeping.
And you're mad about it.
I'm not bad about it.
I'm saying I relate.
How.
How?
Because sometimes.
Specifically.
Well, I'm tired.
I do the same thing.
I set the five minutes alarm increments.
But if I wake up and I didn't get enough sleep.
I will just be like.
And then like, you know, snooze snooze.
And then something they start all overlapping.
Right.
Okay.
Make your healer.
Take everything on the show with a grain of salt.
And proceed with reverence slash caution.
From hence your fourth.
Nice.
A grain of salt bay.
Well, a New York Times article recently did a story.
It's a story.
Well, a New York Times article recently did a story on
Ledite teens that don't want your likes.
These bookworm Brooklynites have ditched social media and iPhones for
journaling and flip phones.
So my question to y'all is what are your thoughts?
And also, would you guys do a Ledite week with me for this show?
Where I provide y'all with a flip phone.
Take your iPhone.
And you have to sign out of all your social media.
So you don't even get the notifications, right?
So it's like you living like it's 2001.
You know, I've kind of been thinking about this and how kids these days
are growing up with iPhones have already been invented.
Right?
Yeah.
They have it's all they would know.
So I think they're going to grow up and make their kids not be online.
Or they're going to like, like, I think we're going to circle back.
This makes sense to me.
Like, we're going to circle back around two people actively trying to not be online.
Yeah.
I'm your left.
I want to say that I would do it.
But I don't think I could actively like agree to.
I think I could like fall into it.
I basically I don't think it would be as bad as I feel like it would be.
I think I'd be able to get through it.
But I don't want to give my photo away.
Um, all right.
So cases on board.
I don't think a mirror would do it.
I think Jake would do it.
So it's me, Casey, Jake.
And maybe like if I'm here in the chat says he's out.
Yeah.
Maybe, uh, maybe on your would do.
I'm really, I am genuinely trying to think if I agree with that.
I don't know if I agree with that.
With what?
With Onya doing it.
Oh.
That's a good point.
I'm here so that he could still use it on your computer.
Start a rewatching James Cameron's movies.
In preparation for avatar, the way of water.
How's that going?
It's going great.
I watched the Terminator movies.
Amazing.
There's a really on one of my favorite TV shows.
Future man.
This is a really good episode.
Really characters break into James Cameron's house.
Hmm.
I highly recommend.
Really funny.
A lot of good jokes.
In the chat, Amir says T2 is the goat.
I gotta agree with that.
Um, I haven't gotten to the abyss yet.
Yeah.
The Terminator movies are great.
When people are listening.
You got to check them out.
I can't.
You're doing this.
Yeah.
Twenty twenty three.
The two anniversary of, uh, you know, the insurrection.
And, uh, it's interesting to think about, you know, what this means for
our country.
And also, we're a bunch of, like, left-leaning liberal cucks.
So I wonder if, like, we could just play house for a second.
White house, specifically, or, I guess, the capital building.
But, uh, it's kind of a choose your own adventure game that I've come up with.
Of what you would have done.
If you were in DC on January 6th.
Are you guys ready?
As long as so loud, I could barely hear what you just said.
Same.
Um, I said I've created a choose your own, I quick choose your own adventure game for, like,
what you would have done if you were in DC on January 6th.
Mm-hmm.
In a part of the mob.
I'm a part of it.
Yeah.
Like, I'm choosing to storm the capital.
You have to.
In the scenario, you have to.
Okay.
Oh, I have to.
Yeah.
Are we being forced?
You don't have to.
Actually, just case yesterday.
Oh, my being forced to do it or do I believe him in it?
You've already said that I'm asking you.
I'm asking you.
That's true.
So.
And I would like to know also for being forced.
Is it also Katie Moose's birthday?
Yeah.
Have you birthday?
I think was the only reason she wasn't in DC in 2020.
One.
Here we go.
Uh, fuck you guys.
Um, so I'm going to give you multiple choice answers
for how your January 6th would have gone.
It was 2021.
You're in DC.
You're part of it.
Uh, number one.
How far did you travel from?
Or where did you travel from?
The model.
Uh, these are your options.
A.
The monolithically white regions of the Pacific Northwest.
Like, uh, east Washington.
State.
Uh, B.
Jeff's hometown in Ohio.
Sugar and Falls.
C.
Surprisingly nearby.
Or D. Jackson Heights Queens.
So I'm not even myself in this scenario.
No, you're Casey Donahue.
But there's like a photo that surfaces of like holy shit.
Is that, is that, is that Casey?
He was there.
And then this is like the backstory there.
Let's go with A.
The monolithically white regions of the Pacific Northwest.
Yeah, sure.
Brownley.
Um.
I'm going with surprisingly nearby.
All right.
So you're, you're staying at Waterdale.
Here we go.
What are you wearing?
A.
Army fatigues.
Despite never having served.
B.
Like you're going to play paintball after this.
C.
Uh, Native American headdress.
Or D.
Just a truly, really bad outfit.
Like really poor fitting jeans.
Uh-huh.
You know, architects or whatever that like jacket company is.
Um.
I don't know.
Like high end.
It just always looks bad.
Erno spider.
That's what I was thinking.
Oh.
And then like some really stupid shoes.
Well, uh, it truly could never be me.
Um.
I'm too drip-y.
So, but I end it.
Put that on the out of the out of Godducks Twitter.
That thing stopped doing shit.
I feel like he hasn't done it since October.
Yeah.
Let's turn.
Um, I love gear.
So let's do the paintball one.
Okay.
Riga.
Brown.
Let's go.
Army fatigues.
All wear my dad's old Vietnam War.
Clothing.
Uh, pick your weapon.
American flag on a pole.
And AR15.
The speaker's podium or pure white rage.
Can I add a weapon?
Yeah.
I'm here's been answering these.
These are his answers so far.
Yeah.
Uh.
Just a really bad outfit and gun.
All calves.
Um.
I'm going to go.
Yeah.
I mean, you say recurved.
You mean, like, it was originally a perfect bone arrow.
And then it was recurved into a flat stick.
Yeah.
It's kind of like a harp at this point.
Uh, don't know you.
Uh, this is a tough one.
Um, I would feel like I would want something in my hands.
I, because I, I.
I feel like I don't know.
I feel like I don't know what to do with your hands.
Yeah.
Exactly.
So I'm going.
I think I got to go with the American flag on a pole.
I feel like it would be if I'm like photographed in my paintball gear.
Yeah.
Like carrying an American flag going into the capital.
It'd be a sick photo.
I agree.
I'm just imagining a mirror in a really bad outfit with a gun.
Yeah.
Keep imagining it.
I'll fuck it.
Show up ahead.
I'm east in this spider jacket.
And I got damn block.
If you keep talking to your shit.
I, I really might go postal.
Sure.
What are like ugly shoes that you're wearing?
Good question.
I was thinking all birds.
And I've done his nature box.
Everything I wear is podcasts.
Soilant tea.
Soilant.
Tossing.
It's the powder.
Pick your target.
AOC.
The capital police.
Mike Pence or Baron Trump.
I personally would love to table top.
Baron Trump down the capital top.
Yeah.
It's like, you know, somebody leans down.
Get on all fours behind him.
And then the other person like pushes him.
And then he runs into your body.
Which is like on all fours.
Yeah, the low bridge.
Yeah, the low bridge in a way.
And then he kind of cartoonishly falls down.
Capital Hill symbolically.
It's good.
That's a easy teenager.
So I wouldn't.
And then imagine.
Yeah.
Imagine the memes.
That would be like Jason Darula fell down at the Met Gallup.
But it's barren Trump fell down at the January 6th insurrection.
That'd be fun.
That's funny.
I don't think you thought it was funny.
No one really laughed.
We have to.
Pick your target.
AOC.
Capital police.
Mike Pence or Baron Trump.
I would be a fly on Mike Pence's hairdo.
That's funny.
That's good.
Thank you.
I'll take down the police.
Yeah.
I was thinking that too.
But I think I'm going to target AOC.
And I'm going to do the old.
The old Terminator come with me if you want to live.
And I was actually a good guy the whole time.
That's really.
I'm saving her.
Yeah.
And then you can go back to Jackson Heights.
Pick your center.
Close your boots and your motorcycle.
Pick your sentence.
Yeah.
Presidentially pardoned.
63 months in prison.
No prison time.
But you're fired from your job.
Or you injure your genitals so bad trying to break into the capital that you
do.
You're doing it yourself.
This is a really weird cosmopolitan quiz.
We're taking.
Yeah.
Which insurrectionist are you exactly right.
You're.
That would be better actually.
Yeah.
Which insurrectionist.
Do we already do that, though?
Just like showed us a bunch of photos of.
We were talking about this so much.
We did.
It brings it up.
One year or the two year or the three year anniversary.
Two year.
Okay.
We did prices right.
Or price.
All right.
And then it was guessing the time of sentence.
Should we just say fuck it for this segment then?
What do you guys want for me?
We're almost done.
How many questions are out?
That was the last one.
Okay.
60 months.
Yeah.
A little over five years.
I'll go with.
I'll lose my job.
Because then I could like do a conservative podcast and probably make like a lot more money.
I would love to see case turned up.
I think there should be a Donna coin.
Donna.
Uh, plugs.
I don't know how to make a crypto.
What do we got going on?
Plan?
Why?
Amir, you looked at me like that's it.
That was an anti climactic ending for a podcast that already lacked any pot.
That was a waste.
Pretty good.
Really?
Yeah.
I mean, you were.
We used to have it in the bathroom.
That's true.
I did spend a lot of it in the bathroom.
But I had to prioritize number one.
Or should I say number two?
Yeah.
It's funny to spend five minutes out of a 45 minute podcast.
That's shipping.
Well, I didn't say that.
You guys did.
I was.
But you.
I never actually explained where I was going.
I just said to the bathroom.
I could have been anything.
Yeah.
But then you also got number three.
That's right.
You're prioritizing number two.
Yeah.
That's true.
Nice.
Yeah.
I guess that's okay.
Let's round it out with a couple more major killers.
I'm going to do a round robin of this and just see what comes out.
Major killer.
Don't spend too much time gifting for the holidays or birthdays.
It's like first thought best thought.
And when you overthink it, you end up giving someone like way too much shit or like something where it's like,
Well, I thought this and then I thought this because of this and then this because of this and then it's like,
Oh, thanks.
Well, that was thoughtful.
But this gift like isn't anything.
Major killer.
When you're dealing with someone at work who sort of like not it, you know,
they're not really him.
You know, I think there's probably.
There's at least two examples of that on the zoom.
One of them's me, the other one's probably Marie.
If I'm being honest,
I would advise patients because you never really know what someone else is dealing with.
Yeah.
Major killer.
I would say that flowers can brighten up anyone's day even if they're not like a flowers person.
Somebody gave me flowers the other day and I was like,
Holy shit, this actually is pretty nice to have and I put them on ice in a bag.
Major killer.
One of the most expensive details in an apartment is the windows, right?
So like you can either elevate your space or if you're like, you know, you want to do plaques and you know,
you want to cut back costs on the other unit.
You know, you can put shitty windows in there,
but then also you have to charge rent accordingly.
You know what I mean?
But landlord's aren't necessarily ideal.
Major killer.
It's important to invest in lifetime pieces, right?
I have these two lamps here.
They're vintage and they're pretty friggin awesome.
I'm going to sell them in two years.
Major killer.
People don't get lead in.
They earn it.
Right.
So emotionally like you can't just expect to have trust with someone that they will open up to you all right away.
Like it's going to be.
I also want to go back to the windows of you.
I'm a very hip major.
Yeah.
If you don't have double pain windows, they're insulated.
And you are trying to cut costs on heating during the winter.
Can I stick just putting up some foam along the line?
The line of the window, the pain of the window.
I can also get some.
Casey and a mirror.
Switching off just texting gun in the chat.
I think this is danger killer.
We finally lose our shit.
It's all.
Yeah.
We're all going a little fucking nuts at this point.
Like enough is enough.
This is a prison sentence.
And people are going to just start snapping.
Hell yeah, brother.
I'm not paying another $23 for a salad.
All right.
Like that ends to the problem.
Yeah.
Not like we're still in a pandemic because people can't fucking put on a mask for five minutes of the day.
The salad.
Yeah.
Don't let anyone tell you how to feel.
Send your friends gifts.
Whether they're convenient for them or not.
Right?
So like put some thought into like, what can I send to a mirror?
What can I order for him?
That's going to be sitting out on his soup for a year.
That makes me a killer.
Yeah.
If you go to the Pandora world in Disney, I think just not waiting in line 45 minutes to go on not these river journey.
If it's a five minute wait, sure, go on.
It's set on a boat.
But it's not worth your time.
Go on Everest instead.
Single right or line.
I got on in three minutes.
Easy PC.
All right.
This is going to lock you.
Break us.
Let's all take a beat right now because I feel like it's not going to be ending any time soon.
If you do the plugs, we can get out of here.
Well, I'll go take a nap.
Not together obviously.
I can't.
I'm saying Avatar.
A three hour movie.
You will be following this lead.
Yeah.
Plugs.
Casey, what do you got?
You can follow me anywhere online at Casey Donahue.
Letterbox, Twitter.
Listen to the pit wall.
Oh, an F1 podcast for casual fans.
It's the off season.
Catch up on the episodes and then you can watch.
Drive to survive on Netflix and know who all the characters are.
Follow us on Instagram because I'm still posting dumb shit there.
Yeah.
Okay.
Blumer on TikTok.
Blumen filled out.
Um.
Also my normal plugs follow me.
At Marie Kaylon on Letterbox.
Trying to get to 1,000.
Almost 700.
Let's go.
Okay.
I got to be a movie influencer guys.
If you get to 1,000, will you watch and review white load of season 2?
I don't know.
It's a TV show.
It shows on Letterbox.
Uh, because I don't want my stats to get fucked.
Yeah.
I think that's blast from us.
I agree.
That was a test.
Me too.
Also.
Plugging the fact that I will be in LA.
Uh, the week after this comes out because we have a had come happy hour show.
January 12th in LA.
You see me.
Yeah.
I'd like to be.
I'd like to plug.
I'm going to be in New York a week after that.
For the other had come show.
Yeah.
I've got a scary 27.
At Jeff Boy already on Twitter at Jeffrey James on Instagram.
And also the first episode of review that I'm not on came out three days ago.
So go listen to that.
Yeah.
It's going to be a funny episode.
I know the topic that they did.
Uh, but I haven't heard it yet.
So, uh, come along with me and listen to that.
And Riley and I are performing at the, uh, had come happy hour that Marie could just mention
We're doing a, uh, live review bit sort of a send off.
So, at the LA one.
Yeah.
January 12th.
So come out for that.
Be it.
And, uh, let's send it out with, uh, seven more major killers.
Major killer.
Every time there's a turning of the season or a change of the tides.
It's good to keep everything closed except for your thighs, right?
So don't open up your mind to new ideas during periods of change.
Just don't get changed.
You know, be nude and have your ass spread.
Um, actually, I think that that kind of counts for.
Oh, this is the second one here.
Major killer.
When your friends with someone like Marieka,
it's important to sort of check in and make sure that you guys are good.
Right.
I make a point on probably a weekly basis to be like Marieka.
You know, is there anything I can do?
Uh, you know, to foster communication, to foster joy in our friendship.
And she doesn't usually respond.
Major killer.
When you have glands, don't neglect them.
Wank.
Major killer.
Uh, don't forget to like experiment with your cooking, right?
If you cook at home, which obviously everyone probably should be.
Most of the time, uh, it's important to, you know, try new things.
Tie that yarn.
You know, uh, let's fucking make a sauce that no one's ever made before.
Major killer.
One of my favorite things to do is to read about times of your.
But I think that one of my news resolution is to read more modern books.
Major killer.
Change it up.
You know, fashion wise, like don't be afraid to like wear those, you know.
And we afraid to wear that hat in 2023.
Major killer.
Pain to yard.
Um,
2023 is going to be a huge year for the show.
We've got a lot of ideas.
I've got a lot of ideas.
Uh, so stay tuned.
Tell your friends and, uh,
look out for some announcements, maybe.
That's does.
That was a hit them original.